## Assignment Tracker

Hosting Link: https://a4-kayla-afonseca.glitch.me/

I decided to re-implement the client side portion of Assignment 2 using React. I created 3 new JavaScript files to effectively manage the different aspects of my application. The first file I created was the AssignmentList.js, this file is responsible for rendering the lsit of assignments under the "YOur assignments" section. This component fetches and displays assignments in a structured format, making it easier for a user to view there assignments. The second file, TasForm.js, manages the form for adding new assignments. It takes in user input and updates the Assignments List. Lastly, the third fle I created is App.js, this file serves as a main component to make everything work together. This file uses both AssignmentList.js and TaskForm.js components. This file also handles state management, it ensures that changes made in the TaskForm are reflected in the AssignmentList.

The new technology improved my site overall. One improvement is that React allows for an application to reuse components, this makes the code easier to mantain. React also allows for state management. This makes it easier to handle the users interactions. Also using react improves debugging because tools like React DevTools and JavaScript bundlers.
Some challenges I faced when implementing React was learning react, setting up react, and managing my dependencies. When learning how to use React I was expecting it to only require on new file since in my head I was just converting my HTML file. Another challenge was setting up the React enviroment, this is because it took more time and it was more complex then HTML. The last challenge I faced was setting up my dependencies, since it required more then when I originally did Assignment 2.
